# Compass Simple

Compass Simple is a simple, no fluff, project primarily aimed at illustrating simple Sass and Compass code examples. These code examples could be a test scenario to show what's happening in the code, but keeps things simple.

## Usage

By definition, this project is and will remain simple. However, I'll offer a few suggestions on how to use this project to the fullest.

### Compiling the Sass

To compile our Sass code, just run:

    compass compile

### Compiling the Haml

To compile our Haml code to HTML, just run:

    haml [options] [input file] [output file]
    
For example

    haml index.haml index.html

Optionally, you can add an option flag on the previous command to set the output format if needed. For example:

    haml --format html5 index.haml index.html

## Uses

There are a number of ways that you can use this project as a starting point. The one that I'm going to illustrate is how this project came to be in the first place.

### Gist a simple example of an issue

... to be continued.

## License

Copyright (c) 2011 Adam Stacoviak

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, but not sublicense or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.